[laughing]
VETRIX: Too funny!
So Trey, you want to
meet with yuma tsukumo?
Trey: Yes I do.
I have questions.
He was the reason
we lost our last duel.
Yuma's power was
too strong to overcome.
I want to know how he learned
to duel with such intensity.
What's the source of his power?
I won't rest until I
discover the truth for myself.
Alright, Trey.
I can go?
Since you find yuma so
intriguing, I encourage it.
♪ if life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life Begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
YUMA: Oh, c'mon!
There's gotta be someone
around here willing to duel me!
How about you, sir?
Will ya?
Huh?
You won't?
Fine then!
Hey, kid, wanna duel?
How about you?
Please duel me!
No, I meant duel with cards!
Tori: Will you get a grip?
You're embarrassing me!
I'm in big trouble, Tori.
If I don't win my
last heart piece,
I'm out of the tournament.
It's the last day of
the preliminaries!
I need an opponent... and quick!
Wait for me at least!
Wait up!
I can't!
The clock is ticking!
Astral: Be at peace yuma.
You will find the duelist that
you are meant to battle with.
You sound like a
fortune cookie!
Hey!
Are you okay?
Buddy!
Tell me what happened to you.
Duelist a: I was...
dueling shark.
Whoa...
it looks like a
tornado hit this place.
Shark did this?
Duelist B: Stop, that's enough!
I give up!
Shark.
Whoa... shark.
Why did you do this?
Hold on.
Aren't you even
gonna try to explain?
Shark: Explain what?
There's a tournament going
on and I'm dueling in it.
Come on!
You know what I mean!
Some duelists
like to talk trash.
But I've decided to start
trashing my opponents directly.
Shark, listen to me.
If you try to interfere
I'll make sure you regret it.
Stay out of my way.
You can't leave, shark.
Why not?
Cause I won't let you.
Think you can stop me, yuma?
Yeah I'm challenging you, shark.
We are gonna duel!
Right here and now?
That's right, you heard me.
I won't take no for an answer!
You're on then.
I'd never turn down
the chance to make
this the worst day of your life.
Great.
We're set!
Yuma!
It is unwise to
duel while angry.
You save it.
I know what I'm doing.
Duel disk go!
This duel's gonna be epic.
An epic fail for you.
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
Yuma is dueling against shark?
The last time shark dueled,
a number fragment entered his
body, filling him
with hate. Perfect!
I can learn a lot
from watching this duel.
Yuma, soon all of your dueling
secrets... will be revealed.
Now!
Big jaws,
polish off gagaga magician!
Gulp Grind attack!
Gagaga, no!
Next I'm comin' at you directly!
Hammer shark, attack!
I play the trap
card small resistance!
Since gagaga girl
is in my graveyard,
hammer shark loses
attack points equal to her
attack points!
That was nothing.
Can't you do any better?
No problem.
I'll just have to stop
taking it easy on ya!
But first I'll
need a bigger fish!
I overlay my level 3
hammer shark and big jaws!
With These two monsters I
build the overlay network and
xyz summon, submersible
Carrier aero shark!
I activate aero shark's
special ability!
So now you're gonna get hit with
four hundred points of damage
for each card in my hand!
And I've got three of them!
Torpedo Take down!
Yuma!
Ready to call it quits?
It's Only gonna get worse.
Is that all you got?
Honestly, I think
you're losin' your edge.
Try Harder next time!
You go.
Good, then watch me carefully.
Maybe you'll learn something!
I summon gogogo
giant in attack mode!
I end my turn.
You're up shark.
What's that?
Why, yuma?
Is this wise?
If you attack with
your giant now,
it can destroy
shark's monster.
Do you have some
other plan in mind?
Not really.
I'm just goin'
with the flow.
Alright then.
I'll go!
What is yuma up to?
It's like our last duel.
He was unpredictable
and never gave up.
Yuma wasn't just dueling
to win a single victory.
And he wasn't trying
to get even with his
enemies either.
Yuma, what is it
that motivates you?
Quinton: Are you sure it was
a good idea to let Trey go?
I am worried vetrix.
Yuma's powers are far
greater than you may realize.
What if Trey falls under his
influence and doesn't come back?
Don't be concerned.
Your brother is
going to return.
And you're sure of that?
Yes.
Trey is too trusting and
loyal to ever leave us.
That's just the way he is.
I summon out black ray lancer!
This is serious!
Lancer, take
down that giant!
Go Shimmering Spear slash!
I'm sorry gogogo giant.
Submersible Carrier aero shark,
attack yuma directly
with devouring dive!
Are you okay?
Why are you dueling
so recklessly, yuma?
I'm still in this.
You haven't broken
me yet, shark!
C'mon.
If you want me to end up like
those other duelists you pushed
around, you'll
have to try Harder.
Careful.
You are losing this duel.
I don't care.
It doesn't matter
if I win or lose.
I'm gonna let shark beat
me if that's what it takes!
Wait yuma...
Hey!
Listen, if I'm your enemy,
then why don't you use
all that anger building
up inside you against me?
Strike at me as hard as you can!
If that's what it's gonna take
to get rid of all your anger,
do it!
Be quiet!
Tell me are you proud of
yourself for dueling this way?
Well, are you shark?
You used to love dueling,
but if you keep this up
you're gonna grow to hate it
and you'll hate yourself too!
You're my friend shark, and
I don't wanna see you destroy
yourself with hate.
I won't let you!
Uh yuma...
oops.
Nice job!
That sure spoiled the mood!
I can't help it if my food
Tank's runnin' on empty!
I must say, your sense of timing
is as bad as your dueling.
Gimme a break!
How can I control my stomach?
It's got a mind of its own.
You didn't even
say, "excuse me!"
excuse me. There, happy now?
Wait.
Shark's heart freed itself
by getting rid of the
anger from that number.
True champions don't
take snack breaks.
That's it.
I'm out of here.
See you, yuma.
You're quitting?
But why?
You can't!
I guess you could say,
I lost my "Appetite"
for crushing you.
Ha, ha!
You can't chicken out!
You can get your
revenge in the finals.
Wipe off that
goofy grin, yuma!
What have I done wrong now?
It's what you didn't do!
You didn't get to the Finals
yet or have you forgotten that?
I forgot I still need
to win one more heart
piece by the
end of today!
In your urge to
help your friend,
you also forgot one other fact.
Had you lost to shark, I would
have faded from existence along
with all the numbers
that we have gathered.
Sorry!
Guess I was feelin'
too much flow and
I blanked about the
tournament and the numbers!
Don't forget what you
once promised your father.
You swore you'd become a
champion duelist someday.
Yeah and I'm gonna
keep that promise.
But I still think
I did the right thing.
I bet dad would've risked
losing to help shark.
So he probably would've
been proud of what I did!
Maybe yuma's
father is the key.
This must be yuma's
mother and father.
That's amazing.
Grandma: Who are you?
Uh... I'm a friend of yuma's.
Will someone Please duel me?
Help me out here!
I mean...
who's calling me?
Hey, grandma.
What's going on?
Your friend is here.
Hey, what do you
think you're doing?
Yuma.
It is fate.
Fate that brought me
here to your house today!
Otherwise I wouldn't have seen
all these awesome artifacts.
You have aztec masks,
paleolithic tools, and...No way!
A royal incan necklace?
Sorry for geeking out, but
this collection is incredible!
It's just like the
stuff in my favorite Cards.
Look.
Isn't that an aztec Mask golem?
Yeah. Cool, huh?
This was one of the
first cards I collected
for my chronomaly deck.
Chronomalys are mysterious
artifacts that could Link this
world to other dimensions.
See, this world is part of a
multi-Dimensional matrix, and
chronomalys may have come
here from another dimension.
My father was a researcher
and taught me about it.
Whoa!
My dad was into that
kind of stuff too.
He'd go on expeditions and
always bring things back.
Wow, that's cool.
It sounds like he was
somebody who loved adventure.
Yep. Just like me!
We have way more
important things to discuss!
Like what you
guys did to Hart!
I know.
I feel truly sorry for
what happened to him.
Really?
I did what I had to.
Huh?
I guess... I figured
the best way to duel
was to tap into the
anger in my heart.
But then I saw how you duel,
and I started to realize
there might be a better way.
What's your secret?
I've seen how unselfish you
can be when you're dueling.
Is that the source
of the power you have?
What do you mean power?
The way you duel
is unlike anything I've seen.
Like you're dueling
with all your heart
and nothing can stop you.
I duel that way because...
because of...
it's the only way
I know how to duel.
I just always try
to high five the sky!
High five the sky?
Right!
When I was small my father told
me to never give
up or stop trying!
Feel the flow and go for it!
That's awesome advice.
Kari: Hey, yuma.
Lunch is ready, c'mon!
And you're all
welcome to join us.
Oh yeah!
Duel fuel!
Let's dig in!
Yuma!
Not so fast.
Wait for everyone to sit.
Sorry, grandma.
Good boy.
Please yuma, try to
eat like a human today.
I'll try.
Wow. That looks delish!
There's plenty.
Have a seat.
Uh... thank you!
Mmm, not bad.
They're kinda small though.
Lillybot: Tea is ready.
Tea is ready.
Be careful, tea is hot!
Sip it slowly this time, yuma.
Okay, I know how
to drink tea!
No you don't.
Why didn't you
warn me it was hot?
Yuma stinks at drinking tea.
I don't see what's
so funny, Trey!
You're right yuma.
The way you eat
isn't funny.
It's disgusting.
I can't help
it I'm in a rush.
It's an emergency!
Honest.
I gotta duel.
No cards at the kitchen
table, got it?
I was just showin' ya!
Give them back, sis!
You don't want me
to get eliminated
from the tournament do ya?
You'll get 'em back
when we're all done.
That could take forever!
Can't you see I'm in a hurry?
Oh, quattro!
I almost forgot
to show you!
It's an aztec Mask golem.
Father gave it to me today!
QUATTRO: How come I
didn't get one too?
I want it!
Hey.
Give it back to me!
That's my card!
Oh Yeah?
C'mon let me have it back!
You gotta take it from me!
Get your own Mask card!
Alright that's enough you two.
Father should be home any
minute so you'd better behave.
He started it.
Can I please have it back?
Okay.
You guys be on
your best behavior
and I'll teach you
how to duel later.
That a promise?
Sure.
Thanks, Quinton.
Just watch me!
I'll be the tournament champion!
You haven't even advanced yet.
You're one win short still.
My family used to be like this.
But that was so long ago.
What's wrong?
Not feeling well?
Are you okay?
Please excuse me,
but I have to leave.
Trey, hold up!
Sorry yuma, but I know
what I have to do now.
Trey what's going on?
After spending time with you,
I think I understand now, yuma.
It's your family.
They give you power.
It's not the same with me.
My family is
different than yours.
It wasn't always that way.
We used to be as happy
as your family is.
The day we swore we'd get
revenge on our enemies,
everything changed.
It was like we
became different people.
Maybe, once we
do get our revenge,
we'll go back to
the way we were.
You're in our way!
We can't get vengeance because
you keep getting in our way.
I will find a way
to defeat you.
For the sake of
my family, I must!
You're wrong, Trey.
Revenge isn't the answer.
It'll just destroy you.
I have to be loyal
to my family!
But Trey...
I'll do whatever
I have to, yuma.
Oh, yeah?
You'll see!
Here!
We'll settle this
tonight. Once and for all!
He wants to meet you
at these coordinates?
I guess.
We're gonna have
a duel, yuma!
And you will lose.
Trey, don't go!
You're back?
Welcome home, Trey.
Was your trip a success?
Yes.
I guess.
You don't have
to tell me a thing.
I already understand.
You're hungry for power.
The power that can help
you crush yuma tsukumo.
Yes!
Yuma, I do not
trust that boy.
I advise you not
to meet with Trey.
I have to go. To talk to him.
Trey's better than he pretends.
There's a chance I can help him.
I have to try.
I will meet Trey.
Tonight we're gonna duel!